Fixed #35267 -- Clarified time zone topic for PostgreSQL in docs. (#17938)
django/django: docs/topics/i18n/timezones.txt

As a consequence, if you're using PostgreSQL, you can switch between ``USE_TZ
= False`` and ``USE_TZ = True`` freely. The database connection's time zone

> will be set to :setting:`DATABASE-TIME_ZONE` or ``UTC`` respectively, so that Django

Reviewer: Re-wrap at 79 chars.

obtains correct datetimes in all cases. You don't need to perform any data
conversions.

.. admonition:: Take note of the setting.

>     The timezone configured for the connection is distinct from the regular

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The time zone configured for the connection is distinct from the regular
```

obtains correct datetimes in all cases. You don't need to perform any data
conversions.

> .. note::

Author: Don't mind if this commit is included, or not. Happy to drop it if the merger likes.

Reviewer: Can you change `note` to `admonition` with a title? We try to avoid [bare notes](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/internals/contributing/writing-documentation/#guidelines-for-restructuredtext-files).
